#030tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtdgMR0bmogczrZNpPaO66Q
#Armin K. Marschall
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9lGGipk4wth0rDyy4419aw
#TangoNuevo TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUKptFgKHVYM1GoQvgeDU_A
#Tangostudent
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC766M5toEZ70hZCLsaxXiOw
#Tango Natural
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOrxTg3siBOMD0XwoDKWC5A
#TC Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPSEBKNWfeUQR22qpdYAIgg
#Tango Element
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC47UVQSnunEsdxqqvgeG6YA
#Prischepov tv
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCoOxQMnmwZ-jhezbLfSUgQ
#Mediterranean Summer Tango Festival
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg-gK8tVf-evR-P976UlU9w
#Tango Cazino
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2EyGIesuSnNx5-Kohy1PGg
#Erdemsel1975
https://www.youtube.com/c/tangofilm/UCcHaeCEJcXTmWJpqSe-EBwA
#lodstangosalonfestival
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS_7mPPJVCZLJUG5iMghpgA
#studio tango montréal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuP6Y6F9uDjh5-PKkggUY7w
#crazyfortango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2LyNJ-DMc3u7xN9ka-Bygg
#Pepa Palazon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV6aDwqqS7yTDsp0v_gUkPA
#Armelle Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClmH-sr3jJH1i8tE6odtONQ
#Paris Buenos Aires Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuOHtVVqipSeqEWTt5MjeKg
#Sultans of Istanbul Tango Festival
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRrVjNh5Rf2i2UQC8LPT1Wg
#ladybrucomela vaghestelle
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAyDBcBGtolH4P4LBjj_pow
#istanbulTANGO
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgWHuLjpAcWGEpTSYiMj-FQ
#Bucharest Tango Groove
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUz8joyeQNPWbnfQWwiVZRQ
#Ivan&Sara FERALTANGO
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB1VB9Kzdl06PSgd6PZj3SA
#Pippifromparis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy0ltvzc34Bt-0d7q_f6vkg
#Planetango Club
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv1MYiYRQbDsqVvHuX9PSJQ
#Lompa TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_vxKs5JZlSql7LrtdGYygQ
#Paula Duarte Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUX_gPar_D-gLJsWJ55XlcQ
#Horacio Fernandez
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9ewAAEx9ybZRs32F-nmNxA
#Marko Miljevic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFyWqbEkWPULVD70PguLmgQ
#Henryk Gajewski
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp5e5y69xiUdGSw-ANTkYcA
#A Los Amigos Tango Festival
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEGeTx5mPDinPl1ovVdEsjQ
#MIRIAM LEONARDO Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNmXPpwV8t_JzvMhUmAJHjw
#Paul Holman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIf7g_gymaB3NBSvUDMJvuA
#Sayaka y Joscha
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW_CaKNIl3qqXHkxGZGVIdg
#TangoBootCampUK
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0iFpFfoCH_ILLuZKpBFf5w
#VIDEOTEAM1
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8eDyvVLKCg-VxTIPtsfS_Q
#Tango at home
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsqJREb9EaHnJB77UX01FaA
#yo Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAApa6oVE5sM7aMR2VOB-PQ
#michelle + joachim | tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCevmWpkZsILyp6tQSsI6C-Q
#Rex Boyd
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC21v9gnlep9rotIugj_zv9Q
#Tango Dance
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu9BG31TSZY0NTojZom6lYA
#Santiago Sarabia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2ZWSFKYu-YRaqXfqXe7C6g
#Solo Tango Orquesta
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_xznMN8tPrst0x_H8zRZeQ
#Juan David y Paulina
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr9PDw18UZMGGFU0TdoBazQ
#kaidaseviolins
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_ccWbbOdrqGnPLUjiWw0XA
#El Cachivache Orkesta Oficial
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD3GFnm3hXuD2wnh20attYQ
#Adornos Center
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYAd7opLAnFxat0ilrQUrxw
#Mrrodolfoaravena
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLGqF8AM6VHaUb9QcRRZa_g
#manuel rodriguez
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeU2Kgbt4oeG3Ds-mqrMCzw
#Antonella Terrazas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTEoGi-mh-u5bnpsbRz5CiQ
#AiresdeMilonga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7XYTh3FVGU8-W2f26KDR_w
#Frank Obregón
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCInartlQfyH7Pv1fPGTvTuw
#SITF Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBSil1q787Wo580jUrDZ72g
#El Bulin Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL8a40dhLKakn625Gjs3Wcw
#Philippe Fassier+
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfh0Fp2sgnW5XgYvTHOM_Cw
#calitozzzz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFs4cRdjW-ZmVdY3peY4VtA
#Maria Filali
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCev8Otao71izyYXCeaaKm_g
#tangoclasses
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC53OQiIwfrBD2rHhR-zVSHQ
#GioKi Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9T3PXF_89R4-ZYdJ3TEhjg
#Katrinemontoia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvbnSqF81F_Zg8MV33TzMgQ
#Tengiz Mosidze
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2m7kza71x306eDN9t8AKMg
#BorisTube7
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpk0omVygMxCtsZF_5wAxug
#dni tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC12hC6BLAoJrBZwHhStYUyQ
#Nick Jones
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDgsGQ3h3ghJDbCXubqEwVQ
#Eleonora Kalganova
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmFJ1b146TJXtTgUk6YMm1Q
#Pablo Inza
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDHBs8mhLVrjb20QREgAwHg
#Tangomeet
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4q0ayysWhe1ylyetwsYYBw
#Hai-Ho Tran Photography
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmdTANSakxHXwfz8U93GOiA
#Les Allumés du Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFiy4O691rgtEaep-39Sjgw
#Malena7777
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7DL99LiaBbekNSk33ZFyIA
#CUMBRE MUNDIAL DEL TANGO ZARATE 2015
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ6AdQAWU2Kar8opf0CWumA
#francoispettiaux
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH3zgLQS8NjKis3NCdDfruA
#Tango VidaMia Köln, Tanzschule für Tango Argentino
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6yqhyWCcyFljZccUsVtP1g
#La Maquina Tanguera
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdfeQEeB-y5elIXzgQlDjmA
#calabriatango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2tmvKwaHC159Edhd3QenIQ
#juanayjulio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfdidUXnncqPjBXxyE3ixnw
#Barbara Newman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnCSCyuEqB5pG0sAduQoOKg
#AkselLP
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvWLLx76_oumdNRyM_5TUuw
#Argentine Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCITyaBTjQtpG6toWO0fH7_Q
#aletangolab
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC19JJiR46Il0dq60hedbu9A
#Miki Kamiya
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCijpTNQmAE7zj_bnAg5eCVw
#Clarisa y Jonathan Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMGNG_2LHGejSMAtdAaAn5A
#sghembo63
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQDddWul7S_Zdz3H5iFywyQ
#Leonel Di cocco
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg3ydGIngAYCWVrsS0EgNOQ
#Bernardi Alessandro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW1O_6dnFrn1y218FeHfExA
#musicat1984
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaIjR5JCI8b_F8Llxu9LKVA
#Rhythm & Motion Dance Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4Ky9bsvxDG6Ben724ATPSA
#X. T.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYecxmJ-2o3B43toCHxYM_g
#flora benedetti Milonga Sì
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAyDBcBGtolH4P4LBjj_pow
#Que Siga La Milonga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-YdwYwSP3VuxEt05xppAxQ
#MrSnoopyT
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrb4z7buq2ykFqi0dm-_z7w
#Tango Details
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7T1CNO8JhI8C9OgIk2-hfw
#E-K Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClK91n0Ok1cPEkn2TCWUqRg
#LeenaTango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNdEZa696S-jUWBDbSBQrbg
#CamTango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_etwoVED5SW_rUqYDLPk7Q
#Dari Kernel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCds0PLpbIq_vVd22l2jwylg
#Mat MaMoody
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX1bbCfeoXJxONmelzpM0rQ
#김진호 jinhoraptor
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIpTAPNzIW7dq73EmZTk2sw
#Mauro Tonchich
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcsgUhSfsSo96_hTEPnZoCQ
#La Mariposa - tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD6r_8iA5csn7dZ68TisAWw
#Caminito Tango Catania
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS3DPkgDFF-nVoV_4KzQXCA
#dancerfromsoul
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv4OwDvK9IC9VzeMLLYEZtg
#Yori Mayron
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfKG5V4E3RkjSJ1LJnE_Agg
#Igoris Saburov
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs-l_CAo-CgHWWAbNFiliGQ
#Nom Sic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQD5-lzW1sAmejC1em4_SMA
#Nori Polanco
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzdNnh1EY4NVZ2j9gHMS8bw
#MUST MILONGA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs6DVWDBXasyRiT4-wa9iwg
#jiteptango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwd4DaU3z598jKAe8vIiFuw
#Infinitango Shanghai
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI4xOXerhWqwZybRQO0AVoQ
#Jetuelle Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC41Ju3_XOV7Gr7p1XFbbv8g
#Oleg Khrischanovich
#https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL63AB09574273B00C
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6Kl3ioOHbk&list=PL0E8CEB351486D0A1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmJrGrfeiGU&list=PL00C5DC189C3F715A
#MrsTangoPaula
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkatIDjAbwcE6jSJGLwQGGw
#Giorgio Scattolini
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-v2IECxsVoaKZYwDskR1Gg
#tangoloft stuttgart
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeKKZO_lLgLhjgq81oFSWtg
#Miki Kamiya
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCijpTNQmAE7zj_bnAg5eCVw
#Junando Milongas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC38Tzsm6oIaQbc2TF7p_N9g
#genali
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPx1BQxsY3gt54F_-kjQv6A
#kerstenruthtango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC65GNLfGkAjvYh4EM1oIUOQ
#Paulo Lee
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAtvz7VeX_KpuLpUzt2t7gg
#EjesTango Union
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpObZXEYOzjLV7G1wZYIK8Q
#Tangolive Tv
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChTAn6PTF0isyVdENuJL0Bw
#orey71
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGeNCSOjGVOZUawOOHHtSOw
#gotanosney
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPDJ0s2zAxjgbhw6uUihiOQ
#Tangostudio el abrazo Tango Hamburg
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4eYS5vKMrpaGaKrCuNCPJQ
#Nectaria Films
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKvEEGPa0QYdsvPKUDcJVpw
#Alexey Sobolev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGGjLCX5InktmK4jylSR_Gg
#Massimo Gobbo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTBLzjEVCsx8OmRe2YEe0A
#Pier Andrea Perini
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsoShEhCqvSJfdMs7McGVIA
#IsabelTessoro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUuhTyiWW4UPvbHT1YowwYg
#ladybrucomela vaghestelle
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAyDBcBGtolH4P4LBjj_pow
#Ramiz and Natalya Orlando tango club 814-746-8819
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV9HpuBW231e-2AVfMAfcTw
#Tangueño
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx2ft9n6iXdT1ax523avHRA
#Esteban Moreno
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCECVLR_h2B2fZ-AaSHt4wmw
#Vadim Radionov
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3TLQpdQimPIXIfBLHH-ccA
#little master
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_sSIPLFVQK6JKRlOMvdxeQ
#Tangodesalon Camaleon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKWGWAsaw7EVWjYtBOVkRig
#Tanguito, Argentine Tango Academy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeQ9Z3B4V5QTw7nUfuJZqMA
#Tango Studio Sibiu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPdiYggIXWPi16cVx33h2NA
#Jari Aalto
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9HZKt2xNBIEPCt2Jtnk1Rg
#Miodrag Radulović
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGwziihvqIpHgenD2-cL81g
#Tengiz Mosidze
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2m7kza71x306eDN9t8AKMg
#Katrinemontoia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvbnSqF81F_Zg8MV33TzMgQ
#Planetango club
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv1MYiYRQbDsqVvHuX9PSJQ
#Kyoko & Tzu-Han pipapipa tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHXk8o_RPExudrKILNRJLiw
#VideoSigismund
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChl-AB86Xshgt-SxGM3oOsQ
#Infinitango Shanghai
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI4xOXerhWqwZybRQO0AVoQ
#Rodolfo Vejar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHggN6prj_6uLAnatq5HYuQ
#Ulises Delle Ville
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM1DyX4d8Jop5Oz9cCalIPQ
#Thomas Rogon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfHrwAfmjf8vtHqh_0mqSrA
#Tango y más e.V. Bamberg
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUWP3bHpTvBniXvlcemsguQ
#Vanesa y Facundo TVF
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcqUchtmoNk0d9eO3-AU9TA
#Milonga Hue Tango Argentina
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHibSzmd5kkHV6Y3UssulrQ
#Yori Mayron
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfKG5V4E3RkjSJ1LJnE_Agg
#Miodrag Radulović
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGwziihvqIpHgenD2-cL81g
#Pablo Stafforini
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaYdfPFz6mWBv54whKtBnpA
#Ian Cox
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCceZHjU9BkQM_Nz14N3wQKw
#tangogaga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk6d9KTAMucA1KPiKrLSR4A
#Danube Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfNSFKo7UPBbHpDLS0A0y2g
#ducatidoc
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtBxJsF2AKhPgFSN2MAetUQ
#El Sabor de Hungría - Tango Festival con Palinka
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt-fjE0kMYFG0bsVTNe10sw
#Gostango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoeXk5f3SL-xNED6VoZpfrw
#El Abrazo Milonga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCygnxQqFQdGwJ3PXgbIidvQ
#Angelo Grasso
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSElUTJ9tRYzUuh98WiL4CA
#Krasimir Stoyanov
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZn92ZAyUhXVj7tpyGPU9lQ
#Emil de Jong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XBNoYNNccQ
#Ina Eriksen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZXoihhp8PFErUBiUtpZdOw
#Francois Pettiaux
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH3zgLQS8NjKis3NCdDfruA
#SMITHTangoVideos
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp_OWVLTx7zKJzzUA06NqkQ
#Tango Space - Argentine Tango School
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTJ5xuVnWfX0nVhwcITNbUw
#zirrael
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw2LQ9pO8DiJKo4xayMV_uA
#Tango Schule Basel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGJ-GiPvueFGMCHWDCMkL1w
#TangoFiestaPatras
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkE2ndOW5m9EZ_39WibsgFQ
#Afonso Duarte
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChzdoUtSyc3M3Z8Zud6oPqg
#MrsTangoPaula
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkatIDjAbwcE6jSJGLwQGGw
#Elena Sergienko Tango
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2qxvPDivnR0OigUrYhDksg
#Raffaella Grassi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9hBvYb8fU9ENjEtJIlJIew
#Dance Conexion
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ZSPlmTnX_GviDwBVYv6NA
#Zrinko Maloseja
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBQStWi2YjobA6S3JEzPIQ
#Tim Yoshida
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEPmZf1D93OucX5s2NYdezw
#Marko Djokovic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk3u7sNehuDggxU2QWticsQ
